     Fajr    : (Default) is the end of astronomical twilight;
               it is the time preceding sunrise during which the sky is 
               partially illuminated. The fajr begin when the sun is still 
               18 deg bellow horizon or with the other words when the zenith
               distance (angular distance on the celestial sphere measured
               along the great circle from the point directly overhead to
               the Sun) is 108 deg.
               The moment is the end of the total darkness in the east sky.
               If the switch Nautic is on, 12 deg bellow horizon will be used.
               Nautical twilight is the moment that usually used by sailors.
               It is the moment as the boundary of sky and see begins to be
               visible.  The sky begins at the moment to be red.

     Sunrise : is the times at which the apparent upper edge of the Sun is 
               on the astronomical horizon; i.e., when the true zenith 
               distance, referred to the center of the Earth, of the central
               point of disk is 90 deg 50', based on adopted values of 34' for
               horizontal refraction and 16' for the Sun's semidiameter.

     Duhr    : is in astronomy known as 'upper transit',
               it is time as the sun exact in meridian of observer.
               It does not mean that the sun is above our head.
               The transit upper is also exact = (Sunrise+Sunset)/2.
               This redefinition is necessary for some regions where some
               times don't have sunrise or sunset (like polar regions).
               It has still upper transit, but if sunrise and sunset not
               exist, we must ask about the sense of duhr ...
               The whole day may be always duhr...

     Ashr    : it is difficult to get astronomical definition of ashr.
               Some madzhab uses the definition that the length of shading
               same the object (zenith distance = 45 deg).
               But many regions outside the tropical area have than absurd
               ashr-time (differs many like today) or undefinable.
               Also we define Ashr = (Duhr+Sunset)/2.
               Ashr is also only undefinable if sunset not exist!

     Maghrib : is sunset (also opposite of sunrise).

     Isya    : opposite of fajr.
               There are also two possibilities: Astronomical (Default) or
               Nautical twilight (if switch Nautic ON).